A database is needed to keep track of student enrolments in classes and students’ final grades.
    The university is organized into faculties, and each faculty has a unique name, a main office and phone number, and a particular faculty member who is the dean. Each faculty administers several academic departments. Each department has a unique name, a unique code number, a main office and phone, and a particular faculty member who heads the department. We must keep track of the start date when that faculty member began heading the department.
    A department offers a number of courses, each of which has a unique course name, a unique course code number, a course level (this is coded as 1 for freshman level, 2 for sophomore, 3 for junior, 4 for senior), a course credit hours, and a course description.
    The database also keeps track of instructors; and each instructor has a unique identifier, a name, office, phone, and rank; in addition, each instructor works for one primary academic department.
    The database will keep student data and stores each student’s name (composed of first name, middle name, last name), student ID (unique for every student), address, phone, major code, and date of birth. A student is assigned to one primary academic department. It is required to keep track of the student’s grades in each section the student has completed.
    Courses are offered as sections. Each section is related to a single course and a single instructor and has a unique section identifier. A section also has a section number (this is coded as 1, 2, 3, . . . for multiple sections offered during the same semester), semester, year, classroom (this is coded as a combination of building code and room number within the building), and days/times (for example, ‘MWF 9am-9.50am’ or ‘TR 3.30pm-5.20pm’— restricted to only days/time values).
    The database needs to keep track of all the sections of all the sections offered for past several years, in addition to the current offerings. The section identifier is unique for all sections, not just the sections for a particular semester. The database keeps track of the students in each section, and the grade is recorded when available (there is a many-to-many relationship between students and sections). A section must have at least five students.